How to contact maintainers + some clarifications (#2822)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: CONTRIBUTING.md

Refer to our guidelines on [pull requests](#pull-requests) and [issues](#issues) before you proceed.

## Contacting maintainers
You may reach out to Intel project maintainers privately at onedal.maintainers@intel.com.

> Codeoners configuration define specific maintainers for coresponding code sections, however currently limited to Intel members only at this point. With futher migration to UXL we will be fixing this, but here are non Intel contacts: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Codeowners](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDAL/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) configuration defines specific maintainers for corresponding code sections, however it's currently limited to Intel members. With further migration to UXL we will be changing this, but here are non-Intel contacts: 
```

> [Codeowners](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDAL/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) configuration defines specific maintainers for corresponding code sections, however it's currently limited to Intel members. With further migration to UXL we will be changing this, but here are non-Intel contacts: 
> For ARM specifics you may contact: @rakshithgb-fujitsu
> For RISC-V specifics you may contact: @keeranroth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Codeowners](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDAL/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) configuration defines specific maintainers for corresponding code sections, however it's currently limited to Intel members. With further migration to UXL we will be changing this, but here are non-Intel contacts: 

For ARM specifics you may contact: @rakshithgb-fujitsu

For RISC-V specifics you may contact: @keeranroth
```

Refer to our guidelines on [pull requests](#pull-requests) and [issues](#issues) before you proceed.

## Contacting maintainers
You may reach out to Intel project maintainers privately at onedal.maintainers@intel.com.
[Codeowners](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDAL/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) configuration defines specific maintainers for corresponding code sections, however it's currently limited to Intel members. With further migration to UXL we will be changing this, but here are non-Intel contacts: 

> For ARM specifics you may contact: @rakshithgb-fujitsu
> 
> For RISC-V specifics you may contact: @keeranroth

Author: ```suggestion
For ARM specifics you may contact: [@rakshithgb-fujitsu](https://github.com/rakshithgb-fujitsu/)

For RISC-V specifics you may contact: [@keeranroth](https://github.com/@keeranroth/)
```

> For ARM specifics you may contact: [@rakshithgb-fujitsu](https://github.com/rakshithgb-fujitsu/)
> 
> For RISC-V specifics you may contact: [@keeranroth](https://github.com/@keeranroth/)

Author: ```suggestion
For ARM specifics you may contact: [@rakshithgb-fujitsu](https://github.com/rakshithgb-fujitsu/)

For RISC-V specifics you may contact: [@keeranroth](https://github.com/keeranroth/)
```

To contribute your changes directly to the repository, do the following:
- Make sure you can build the product and run all the examples with your patch.

> - Product using bazel system for validation and your changes should pass tests. Please add new tests as nessesary. [Bazel Guide for oneDAL](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDAL/tree/main/dev/bazel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Product uses bazel for validation and your changes should pass tests. Please add new tests as necessary. [Bazel Guide for oneDAL](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDAL/tree/main/dev/bazel)
```
